How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
I saw changed line with a typo and that helped me to find the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
If I have all old versions of the files I'm working on, I can see when I made some bug.
Or I can restore previous state of the file if I need to.
Or I can look at the history and remember why I implemented some code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pro: you have control over when to save, so every commit can be logical, containing only the changes for one aspect of the program.
Con: you can forgot to save frequent enough.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
It's useful for the commits to have the ability to contain changes for multiple files because a logical change in program can require changing a few files at once.
In Google Docs each file normally is self-contained and is not directly linked to other files. So tracking changes in one file at a time is more logical in this case.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log shows the full history of commits with time of the commits, authors, and comments.
git log --stat shows the same full history plus what files where changed, how many insertions and how many deletions there were in a commit.
git diff commit1_hash commit2_hash shows difference between files in these two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
When you use version control system, you can always revert any change, so if your change break something, you can just revert it and you code will work again.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I'd like to use Git for developing a WordPress theme. And I'd like to try using Git for my writing.
